I just have nothing
none I got this job this family
but nothing lasts forever
I heard you had to leave in a hurry
it's never easy these days
so what are you going to do I've lived a
lot of lives but I'm done running from
my past
[Music]
and now you're out there I know you know
I'm out here so we gonna talk like
grown-ups is that what we are
[Music]
it's good to see you sis what brings you
home
we have unfinished business
we have to go back to where it all
started
lucky us
one thing's for sure it's gonna be a
hell of a reunion
[Music]
I'm still family back together again you
got fat
[Music]
Mondays am i right Joe you said it guy
don't have a good day have a great day
hey bud you ever think that there's got
to be more more than what stuff we do at
day after day being shot at run over
taken hostage
today's gonna be different hi this isn't
you you don't do this man Harry he's
just resting and please if that man is
dead
[Music]
is this what recreational drugs feel
like guy this one it's a video game
and it's full of bad guys I'm a rule
breaker I'm a rattle Chicka Chicka
Chicka slicker we need you to be good
good guy
[Music]
giddyup
is that a Glock in your pocket know what
it's 2 bucks
[Music]
I'm not gonna be the good guy I'm gonna
be the great guy okay
well enjoy your lifetime supply of
virginity there you go
your instructor is one of the finest
pilots this program has ever produced
[Music]
his exploits are legendary
what he has to teach you may very well
mean the difference between life and
death your reputation precedes you
after admit I wasn't expecting an
invitation back they're called orders
maverick
[Music]
[Applause]
good morning aviators this is your
captain speaking
today's exercise is dogfighting two
birds one they've got to be kids
[Music]
my life hasn't been what you probably
think it has we all have our struggles
have you ever been in love a long long
time ago you so many times yeah all the
time
[Music]
welcome to the future
life is good but it can be better
why shouldn't it be
all you need is to what
think about finally having everything
you always wanted I can see you today
I take I want in return
everyone will see
[Applause]
I'll need you
you know you need to do
[Music]
nothing good is born from lies
and greatness is not what you think
[Music]
Oh dad that just is trash can it's just
a trash can
yeah yeah and initiate sequencing
[Music]
memories are made of this what is this
place
I'm sorry to be the one to tell you this
but you got yourself killed
at rst we'd rebuild the most important
assets in the US military soldiers like
yourself you're the first who we've
successfully managed to bring back but
improved enhance with the technology in
your veins you have an army inside you
strongest you will heal you instantly
porridge
now tell me do you remember anything
where you going I got unfinished
business
find the man who murdered my wife and
killer
that's not good all right sundown
and initiate sequence
[Music]
okay who is the next target for
elimination
these are made of they tell me do you
remember anything do I know you guys I
don't think so
I've been manipulating you
what you think is really sometimes ain't
and initiate sequence
[Music]
for sure about that
revenge is what makes a man like you
exceptional
knew nothing about men like me
absolutely fantastic
I feel like I just heard this event
assembly people
I'm Sonic a little ball of super energy
in an extremely handsome package on my
planet people were always after my
powers so I came to yours it gets a
little lonely I can't with that guy why
are you hiding out in my garage if they
steal my power did you conquer the
universe you have to help me Louie no
please it's life or death good morning
my royal chump mr. dr. Robotnik I'm
going to give you five seconds to tell
me where it is
wait don't hurt him
Road Trip cube this can't be happening
me oh my god stop back alright yeah what
the world's largest rubber band bulb we
gotta see it no this is not some fun
family road trip Yeah right it was lame
gift shop was cool though whatever this
creature is I'm going to uncover the
source its power
[Music]
I just thought you might like a latte
with steamed Austrian goat milk of
course I would a lot of take I love the
way you make them without a lay low let
me show you how it's done so super get
out of here
yeah time to go I always want to do this
I have no idea that was an illegal left
by the way why would you throw your life
away for this citizens of alien good
time is my friend let's go
[Applause]
this is my power
and I'm using it to protect my four
so you're supposed to be Tom's best
friend that he won't shut up about well
I don't see the appeal
[Music]
in the Batmobile don't hold the road
like this [ __ ] tight pants and fast
cars don't make you Batman
get me the [ __ ] out of this car might we
got more time behind us than in front
please I'm gonna be running down
criminals till I'm 100 not me on guitar
this time we be good men
who the [ __ ] wants to sing that song
fine I'll put you on a new team you're
working with mo now okay
mo is a high school musical boyband wit
gun
you look great grandpa so you're that
guy there's always one right up til
there's not that's what I like teamwork
the definition of
Marcus somebody's trying to kill me who
wants to kill you I don't trust a person
that don't want to kill he'll put my
name thanks a lot we got it Marcus we
appreciate it
but family it's the only thing that
matters so I'm not letting you go on a
suicide mission alone
one last time one last time
Oh
[Applause]
[Music]
when the hell are you getting all these
helicopters
oh this is my wife's car company front
door she knows he always knows what are
you doing here in Somerville anyway
honestly my mom won't say it but we're
completely broke and the only thing
that's left in our name
this is creepy old farmhouse my
grandfather left us in the middle of
nowhere why'd you bring me up here
entertain without you
what is that somehow a town that isn't
anywhere near a tectonic plate that has
no fault lines no fracking no loud music
even is shaking on a daily basis
I remember that one summer we died under
a table I found this in my living room
Oh killer replica a replica of what a
ghost trap there hasn't been a ghost
sighting in 30 years New York in the
eighties it's like The Walking Dead your
dad never mentioned this to you
it's just my mom my grandfather died my
mom says were just here to pick through
the Rob loves life
well
[Music]
who are you
call it a
[Music]
call it lock
call it karma
[Music]
that everything happens for a reason
come on darlin
it has a Connor seat
[Music]
we all believe we've run into the
burning building but until we feel that
heat we can never know
you do you chose to tie instead of
giving up your colleagues
[Music]
and that test you passed
not everybody does
welcome to the afterlife
to do what I do I need some idea of the
threatening face as I understand it
we're trying to prevent World War 3
nuclear holocaust
No
something was
all I have for you is a word tenant
it'll open the right doors
some of the long ones too
you have to start looking at the world
in a new way
[Music]
I'm try to understand it feel it
they're laughing here has it happened
yet this will not be a war of heroes
which is all to see this is going to be
fun the world burns you have no idea of
what men are capable of we must do
something I know you want to fight
but there are other ways of doing your
duty you're going to need a suit come on
we are the first independent
intelligence agency preserving peace and
protecting life while governments wait
for orders our people take action
evil minds at blood destruction now it's
time to short a lot
[Music]
captain structure
oh mighty you
[Music]
our enemies think we are gentlemen
but reputation is what people think of
you
character is what you are
and ready
yes
[Music]
but ready we shall see
this is called a parachute it means that
one can jump out of a plane safely
[Music]
you